We want to have a most flexibel Map Editor with following Features

BOTH: 

1. The Map Editor should have an extra single Window for presentation on another monitor
2. if we hover or select an Entity, we want to show an outline of the real pixeldata like
   2D Skin Marker.
3. We want to have a optional Movement History we can use or not and activate on every time.
   As Additional festure we want to have a movement play editor. Every selected Entity
   should be played in different movement state.
   

Editor:

2. We want to draw static and dynamic Things like:
            Backgrounds, Mountains, Rocks, Buildings animals people...
3. We want to create own Things like, special bridge, we need also an 
   Drawing entitiy Editor to create, edit and delete Entities
4. We want to move, resize and rotate Entities for correct directions on the map. for
   easier editing we want to select single and multiple Entities. Additionaly it would
   be fine to create Entity Group we could rotate. Also we need to create, edit and 
   delete Entity Groups. 
        
        Selection:
            - If there are multiple Entities on a Mouse Position, we want to have
              an more easier selection window as moving the head near in front of
              the screen.

5. We want to have Library Groups for the Entities for a better overview of opportunities
   and a search function with realtime filter would be great for easier handling
   large libraries
6. We want to display a Raster with correct Sizes like Meters or anything else and 
   calculation between. It should be scalable like 1cm, 1dm, 1m, 10m....
7. We want a path tool for measure distances like in google maps for better movement 
   coordination
8. We want to have some random Maps with enemies and so on. This should be handled 
   by standard and editable parameters. This we want to have for an fast an fancy 
   just in time Map 

Presentation:

1. We want to Hide the inner parts of buildings. Only the people views should 
   be free the map. A complete view and a memory of viewd part have should be displayed
   for each char we want to declare, Also we need something like FOG of WAR. Here we
   have to respect the Air parts for Dragons or Birds.

Datenüberschreibung
